Let's work on this editor.
Okay, so right now, We just have an ID.
Let's replace this with
an actual text editor.
So what we can do is let's
make a new component.
We'll call it Editor in
the components folder.
This is probably the most interactive
component on the page so it's for
sure gonna be a client component.
And we'll just say editor.
We will get an entry here and
we'll just return,
The, entry.content.
So we got that.
We can then go into the editor page
which is Journal ID, or EntryPage.
And I'm just gonna bring an editor here.
So you can render client components and
server components.
The editor is expecting a entry though we
don't have an entry, so we need to get it.
So let's make a function to get the entry.
This is a server component, so
we can dispatch it on the server.
So we'll just say const
getEntry async function.
We need to use our helper
function to get the user.
It's gonna be await getUserByClerkID.
And then getEntry is gonna take in
an ID for the entry that we wanna get.
And we can say entry is gonna be await,
bring in our
prisma.journalEntry.findUnique.
So we wanna find a unique one here.
Okay, so we might have to go back and
update our schema and let's see why.
So we wanna find a unique journal entry.
But we wanna make sure that
that journal entry is for
this user that is logged in and
it is the ID here.
I couldn't just say, yeah,
find me the one where ID is ID, I mean,
it's not throwing any errors that works,
it'll execute.
I mean, you can just pass in
any idea you want, right?
If the ID is coming from the params,
which it will be.
All I need to know is the ID of your
journal entry and I can go in here and
I can see it.
So I need to make sure that not only is it
grabbing the one with the ID from the URL,
but also it belongs to
the person that is signed in.
So if you go back and look at our schema,
we know that our journal
entry has a user ID.
So you might just say, that's simple.
I'll just say where ID is ID and
userID is user dot.ID.
Nope, that's not gonna work.
And basically, the reason that's not gonna
work I don't think this message tells you.
Let me see if it tells you.
No, so there's no way you would
have known why this didn't work.
So the reason this doesn't work
is because, this is find unique,
which means everything that you put
in where has to be a unique index.
On our schema, user ID is not a unique
index, it's just a regular index.
So we have to make this unique.
So we could just say, all right,
let's make this unique like this.
And then now we can do that.
But hold on,
this introduces another problem.
This works but now you effectively as a
user can only ever have one journal entry.
Because as soon as you make a journal
entry with your user ID on it and you try
to make another journal entry with your
user ID on it, it's like, nope, you can't.
There's already one with
your user user ID on it.
So we're gonna make a compound index,
which is a combination of two things.
So it'd be the userId plus the ID.
And then now, as long as this combination
is unique, which it should be,
cuz both of these two things are unique,
we should be fine.
And it satisfies the constraint
of having a userId be unique.
So we're gonna save that.
And then to reflect these changes,
we need to make a database push.
So in your terminal,
npx prisma db push Probably
gonna get a warning here.
There we go.
We added a unique constraint
covering the columns user and
ID on the table JournalEntry will be added
if there are any existing duplicate values
this will fail.
There aren't any existing
duplicate values, so we're good.
Generate a new client, and
justto avoid any issues,
I'm going to stop my server and
start it again.
Cool.
And then we just need to go in and
obviously this is messed up cuz we
haven't passed anything into it yet.
So now we just need to go in here and
now we get this.
We still get the same error, but
instead of doing ID and userID,
we're gonna say userID_ID.
It's when you do a combination,
complex or compound index,
the property in which you query from
is a combination of the two of them in
the order in which you pass into
the array separated by underscore.
So userID_ID, that's an object.
And then you can say, well the userID
is user.id and the id is id.
Any questions on that?
>> Can you say a little bit more
about on line 9, that complex?
>> Yeah.
>> Key is like?
>> Yep, so let's bring up this-
>> That's corresponding directly to
the way this is declared on 36?
>> Yep, 100%, so we have this array
here and we have userID and ID.
So it's a compound index
consisting of these two values,
and now we want to query on them.
So to query on them,
there's this virtual field,
which is a combination
of those two values.
So user ID, you could replace the comma
you would see in an array with
an underscore, and then ID.
And then we have to provide each
individual value for each one of those.
So the userID portion, it's the ID of user
and the ID portion is what was passed in.
Have the entry,
now we just return that entry.
Wait, not done yet.
Actually, I think we might be done yeah.
I was thinking ahead of AI stuff,
never mind.
We're just gonna return the entry for now.
We're gonna come back and
change this with some AI stuff later.
So we're going to return the entry.
And then now I can go down here and
say, give me the entry await.
Make this async, await get entry.
And then I have to pass in
the id which will be params.id.
And then I can just say,
cool, here's your entry.
And this is fine, you can pass props to
client components from a server component.
They just have to be serializable.
And anything that comes from our
database is serializable because
it wouldn't have been able to save in
a database if it wasn't serializable.
So we can be rest assured
that it's safe to pass.
If it's safe to store in the database and
come back which crosses the Internet,
then it's safe to go into our client
component which crosses the Internet.
Okay, and there we go, our entry is there
on the page, at least the content for it.